Lights scheduler (#40)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_lights/README.md

- `~test` [*bool*, default: **false**]: enables testing mode with some extra functionalities.
- `~user_animations` [*list*, default: **None**]: optional list of animations defined by the user.

### scheduler_node.py

> Node responsible for scheduling animations displayed on LED panels based on the Husarion Panther robot's current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node responsible for scheduling animations displayed on LED panels based on the Husarion Panther robot's system state.
```

#### Subscribe

- `/panther/battery` [*sensor_msgs/BatteryState*]: robot battery state.
- `/panther/hardware/charger_connected` [*std_msgs/Bool*]: informs if charger is connected.

> - `/panther/hardware/e_stop` [*std_msgs/Bool*]: robot emergency stop state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/panther/hardware/e_stop` [*std_msgs/Bool*]: informs if robot is in emergency stop state.
```

#### Services subscribed

- `/panther/lights/controller/set/animation` [*panther_msgs/SetLEDAnimation*]: allows setting animation on LED panel based on animation ID.

#### Parameters

- `~critical_battery_anim_period` [*float*, default: **15.0**]: time in seconds to wait before repeating animation indicating a critical battery state.

> - `~critical_battery_threshold_percent` [*float*, default: **0.1**]: if battery percentage drops below this value, animation indicating a critical battery state will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `~critical_battery_threshold_percent` [*float*, default: **0.1**]: if battery percentage drops below this value, animation indicating a critical battery state will start being displayed.
```

- `~low_battery_anim_period` [*float*, default: **30.0**]: time in seconds to wait before repeating animation indicating a low battery state.

> - `~low_battery_threshold_percent` [*float*, default: **0.4**]: if the battery percentage drops below this value, animation indicating a low battery state will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `~low_battery_threshold_percent` [*float*, default: **0.4**]: if the battery percentage drops below this value, animation indicating a low battery state will start being displayed.
```
